$Id:: phy3250_quickstart.txt 1237 2008-10-24 16:42:21Z wellsk          $

EA3250 BSP quickstart guide

This quickstart guide will guide you step-by-step on how to install the
BSP, get the free CodeSourcery tools, do your first build using the
timer example, and then deploying and executing it using the Stage 1
loader of the EA3250 board.

Step 1 : Install the BSP
If you haven't installed the BSP yet, install it by simply unzipping
the BSP zip file in the in the C:/NXPMCU directory. You will need to
create the NXPMCU directory. After the BSP is unzipped. a directory
called 'SOFTWARE' should exist in the NXPMCU directory.

Step 2 : Download and install the free CodeCourcery tools
Go to http://www.codesourcery.com and download the latest verion of
the CodeSourcery Lite GNU toolchain for ARM processors. Download the
EABI version for Windows (IA32 Windows installer version). After the
tools are download, install them and reset your machine.

Step 3 : Setup the tool environment
Open a CMD shell (cmd.exe) by selecting the Run.. command from the
Windows start menu. Type in cmd.exe and start the CMD shell. In the
shell, switch to the C:/NXPMCU/SOFTWARE directory. Type the
following at the prompt:
	setenv ea3250 gnu 2
The BSP is now configured for the LPC32XX chip with the EA3250
board and the CodeSourcery toolchain.

Step 4 : Setup the EA3250 board and terminal
Unpack the EA3250 board and connect a USB cable between a PC and the
serial USB connector on the board. Install the USB serial driver if
needed. Once a serial port enumerates, determine the serial port
number. Start a terminal program (TeraTerm is recommend and it is
free) on the PC and set up the serial port for 115.2K-8-N-1.

Step 5 : Reset the board
Reset the board. A message should appear on the terminal. EA3250
boards are preinstalled with S1L. Press any key to get to the command
prompt of the stage 1 loader. (See the startup code.txt file for
information on how to install and boot laoder S1L if needed.).

Step 6 : Build the timer example
Go to the following directory:
	C:/NXPMCU/SOFTWARE/CSPS/LPC32XX/BSPS/EA3250/EXAMPLES/TIMER
Type make to build the timer example. The LPC, CSP, and BSP libraries
and timer example executable will be built.

Step 7 : Download the executable to the board
At the stage 1 loader command prompt, type the following:
	load term srec
After you press enter, you will get a message to start terminal
download. Using the terminal's send file function, send the
timer.srec file in the ../EXAMPLES/TIMER directory to the board.
Send the file as a binary file with no protocol support. After a
few seconds, the transfer should finish and the prompt will
return.

Step 8 : Execute the program
At the prompt, type exec to start the program. The LED on the board
will start blinking at an erratic rate (this is what the demo does).
After a few seconds, the examples will end and the command prompt
will return.

You have completed your first application on the EA3250 board.
Try some of the other applications by doing a make in another
example directory and repeating steps 6 and 7 for the example.
Good luck!
